chore: support OpenTelemetry metrics (#1465)
GoogleCloudPlatform/pgadapter: docs/open_telemetry.md

# OpenTelemetry in PGAdapter

> PGAdapter supports OpenTelemetry tracing and metrics. You can enable the tracing or the metrics

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
PGAdapter supports OpenTelemetry tracing and metrics. You can enable tracing or metrics
```

![PGAdapter Cloud Trace - Batch DML example](img/dml_batch_trace_sample.png?raw=true "PGAdapter Cloud Trace - Batch DML example")

## Metrics

The available metrics in PGAdapter are:

* `spanner/pgadapter/roundtrip_latencies`: Latency between PGAdapter receiving a statement from
   the client and PGAdapter returning the last row of the response to the client.

> * `spanner/pgadapter/client_lib_latencies`: Latency when the Spanner's client library receives
>    a call and returns a response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `spanner/pgadapter/client_lib_latencies`: Latency between the Spanner client library receiving
   a request and returning a response.
```
